Update ibc_data_schema and community guidelines (#183)
archway-network/networks: README.md

# Archway Netowrks

This repo contains a registry of Archway protocol based networks, IBC connections to these networks.

Schema files containing the recommended metadata structure can be found in the *.schema.json files located in the root directory. Schemas are still undergoing revision as user needs are surfaced. Optional fields may be added beyond what is contained in the schema files.

## Adding new IBC paths

If you are a relayer operator and wish to add a new IBC path connecting to Archway Networks, please follow the below mentioned criteria and create a PR after creating the path.

### Requirements for the IBC channel

- Archway client's trusting period should be set to 2/3 of unbonding period e.g. for archway-1 (mainnet) the clients trusting period must be 1209600s
- IBC client for the counterparty chain should also have a trusting period set to exactly 2/3 of the chains unbonding period

### Steps to create new IBC paths

We recommend using hermes relayer implementation and use this [tutorial](https://hermes.informal.systems/tutorials/local-chains/add-a-new-relay-path.html) to create new paths.

## Requesting a new IBC path

> If you are builder on Archway protocol and/or looking to connect Archway Networks to another chain through IBC, but do have the expertise or the capacity to operate relayers, you can request the desired IBC relayer from archway community:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a builder on the Archway protocol and/or looking to connect Archway Networks to another chain through IBC, but do not have the expertise or the capacity to operate relayers, you can request the desired IBC relayer from archway community:
```

> - Join [Arcway Discord](https://discord.gg/5FVvx3WGfa)

Reviewer 2: `Arcway` - typo

> - Use "Mainnet Validators" or "Relayers" tag on discord to request a new relay path from within Archway Network operators and partners

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use "@Mainnet Validator" or "@Relayer" tag on discord to request a new relay path from within Archway Network operators and partners
```
